Fix add-debug-wait command for job config timeout handling (#399)
openshift-eng/ai-helpers: plugins/ci/commands/add-debug-wait.md

1. Takes job name, OCP version, and optional timeout as input
2. Finds and edits the job config or workflow file
3. Adds `- ref: wait` before the last test step (with optional timeout configuration)

> 4. Commits, pushes, and creates a PR via `gh`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Creates a git commit
5. Pushes the git commit
6. Creates a PR via `gh`
```

Reviewer: Along with this suggestion, I assume its pushing the commit to a fork? If so, that detail should be added to the new step 5 to avoid Claude having to guess if it should push to `origin` or `fork`.

This may seem like a nitpick but its important to keep in mind that Claude stores context locally that other users may not have, so more explicit improves the workflow and reduces decision making necessity.

   - If not provided, uses the wait step's default behavior (3 hours)
   - Format: Integer followed by 'h' (e.g., "1h", "2h", "8h")
   - Valid range: 1h to 72h (maximum enforced by wait step's timeout setting)

>    - **For job config files** (`ci-operator/config/`): Set as the `TIMEOUT` env var (e.g., `TIMEOUT: +8 hours`) in the job's `env:` section. Do NOT add `timeout:` or `best_effort:` properties on the `- ref:` line — ci-operator config validation forbids mixing `ref:` with literal step properties like `timeout:`, `best_effort:`, etc.

Reviewer: This is a good candidate for a linter script. If Claude ignores, misses, or pulls in conflicting context, it may wind up with a failed result anyway. With a deterministic linter script you can have Claude follow your directions then just run the linter and repeat the steps if it fails.

This saves on context and lessens the amount of interpretation Claude needs to do.

```bash
# Add wait step before the last test step
# If timeout is provided, set it via the TIMEOUT env var in the job's env section
# See Step 6 for the YAML modification algorithm
```

> **IMPORTANT**: In ci-operator job config files (`ci-operator/config/`), you MUST NOT add `timeout:` or `best_effort:` properties on a `- ref:` step. The ci-operator config validator treats any properties alongside `ref:` as a literal test step definition, which requires `as`, `commands`, `from`, and `resources` — causing validation errors like:

Reviewer: Similar to the previous comment, I'd recommend having Claude draft up a quick linter script to validate instead of doing it through this provided context.

**Example transformation (job config):**

Before:
```yaml
env:
  BASE_DOMAIN: qe.devcluster.openshift.com
test:
- chain: openshift-e2e-test-qe
```

After (without timeout):
```yaml
env:
  BASE_DOMAIN: qe.devcluster.openshift.com
test:
- ref: wait
- chain: openshift-e2e-test-qe
```

After (with timeout=8h):
```yaml
env:
  BASE_DOMAIN: qe.devcluster.openshift.com
  TIMEOUT: +8 hours
test:
- ref: wait
- chain: openshift-e2e-test-qe
```

**Example transformation (workflow file):**

Before:
```yaml
test:
- chain: baremetalds-ipi-test
```

After (with timeout=8h):
```yaml
test:
- ref: wait
  timeout: 8h0m0s
  best_effort: true
- chain: baremetalds-ipi-test
```

**Critical constraints:**
- Preserve exact YAML indentation (typically 2 spaces per level)
- Insert BEFORE the last step, not after
- In job configs: NEVER add `timeout:`/`best_effort:` on `- ref:` lines — use `TIMEOUT` env var instead
- In workflow files: `timeout:` and `best_effort: true` on `- ref:` lines is valid
- Normalize timeout format: for job configs use `+N hours`, for workflow files use Go duration (e.g., "8h" → "8h0m0s")

> ### Step 7: Push and Create PR

Reviewer: If the first suggestion is implemented to split out the steps, this one should be split also.
